Docs: Edit/Shorten code-standards documentation (#4556)
triplea-game/triplea: docs/dev/conventions/code_standards.md

# Java Conventions
- Follow: [Google java style](http://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html)
- Install and use IDE checkstyle and formatting, see: [IDE setup notes](/docs/dev/setup/ide/)

### `null` handling

> - avoid returning 'null' values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid returning `null` values. Prefer `Optional`.
```

> - avoid passing 'null' values as parameters to public APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid passing `null` values as parameters to public APIs. Prefer overloads to handle unspecified parameter values.
```
